Added a C-style interface header and wrapper for projectM. (#530)
projectM-visualizer/projectm: CMakeLists.txt

set(PROJECTM_INCLUDE_DIR "include" CACHE STRING "Header installation directory, relative to the install prefix.")

# Feature options, including dependencies.

> option(ENABLE_CXX_INTERFACE "Enable exporting all C++ symbols, not only the C API, in the shared library. Warning: This is dangerous!" OFF)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
option(ENABLE_CXX_INTERFACE "Enable exporting all C++ symbols, not only the C API, in the shared library. Warning: This is not very portable." OFF)
```
